feat(native):adding multiauth docs for native (#3356)
aws-amplify/docs: docs/lib/datastore/fragments/native_common/setup-auth-rules.md

  ...
}
```
## Configure Multiple Authorization Types

For some use cases, you will want DataStore to use multiple authorization types. For example, an app might use `API Key` for public content and `Cognito User Pool` for personalized content once the user logs in.

By default, DataStore uses your API's default authorization type specified in the `amplifyconfiguration.json` file. To change the default authorization type, run `amplify update api`. Every network request sent through DataStore uses that authorization type, regardless of the model's `@auth` rule. 

> To enable DataStore to use multiple authorization types based on the model's `@auth` rules, set the `authModeStrategy` property when creating the DataStore plugin:

Reviewer: maybe _"set the `authModeStrategy` property when initializing DataStore"_ so it works for both native platforms? In iOS `authModeStrategy` is a property of `DataStoreConfiguration`

Author: ```suggestion
To enable DataStore to use multiple authorization types based on the model's `@auth` rules, set the authModeStrategy property when initializing DataStore:
```
